but people work programs climate here
welcome to another deeper 15
video today, we have probably the most blatant
try the challenge of all times today
we win with the hsv
yes so from current occasion that fits
That's exactly what it is
the hardest challenge of all time
fifa I thought I always try
what the players and the trainer in
The current season is actually right
have done little and last
unfortunately not at first and who knows
Maybe if I win the see
hsv this video and thinks that
we have to hire who saves us
In any case I have with that
team would have assembled we have
even an info player just stuhrmann in
form player from hsv unbelievably okay there
not only get the club because
country game has made as if we
otherwise would get any info
on the right defensive position because
I pack a big one but that's it
even on the transfer market for the
played new year to the can of
use everywhere
he played divine and people everywhere
in which you not on twitter
instagram or facebook proceed genuinely
what am I missing now ?
I know I have the god
met in person
Definitely so much for this first
team we say we put directly
going on and by the way that means erasing
why only that is our opponent for
today a brazilian team with
fermino in the storm then it starts
play games red and I would
have to make more of it so eleven meters
eleven meters and who shoot there , of course
the holy heiko and environment yes
Great
That's why I was such a little delay
I did not expect it
come on already haikutter between u
But now want to prince has this
Game that is incredible
my god that's how real
power woman power i
on it still 1 0 0 I wonder
if we can win because the last one
victory is really long ago it was the
seventh 2 against my god but now in
hannover poetry 1 0 by olic
what an incredible goal
yes there would actually be mine
God
just get out with that was just now real
durable
he was almost hindering himself
that's what it's really like
that's not realistic
Realistically offside so 11 at half-time
I have now packed down easily
because we need pace was with masters
so packed the master's semester
you can deeply tear are real
Well, I think it was one even
most popular silver cards in total fifa
masters will be blown away by his master
Woman, I would be happy and pass
ends up in nothing
is realistic simply must be properly
it is as much realism their check
advises a god here eckert score a goal
made
The map is awesome of the already in
FIFA 14 was not the ticket awesome
I do not know what with his card there
let's go meet often is mine
second game with which his third goal
and thus no idea that at the
shoot and get exaggerated
do not not overdo it here
again offside I want to follow him
Damn control again above
Absolutely on, but I can get up there
but opponent has changed now
neat place upgrade i made
think the coach now in the storm with
pakt come on
maxi complete please baxi yes 3 to 2
master of the masters with the 32 too
just used here pace and the
conclusion has succeeded so maxi again
and bystrow my god already through
the masters shot by it
master with the second goal
and since those at hsv hamburg masters
just play immediately and then
the gates finally fall with us
is it is not even a bit of time
Refuel what is going on and that saves
now or no
at least second not
solcom goes in the ball no my god
that was hand held judge that was hand
that it is a scandal here I find
not okay that would have been 52
no matter what else 14 30th
there it is over 4 to 3 we have with
We won the hartz four now
managed what is there unfortunately in
so you get the last time
any official from hsv this
see video you know what 's on now
is simply biting a switch or
hire me as a coach
that will certainly work out yes people
that's it with the
video a bit something else we
have managed to win what the
hsv that unfortunately does not succeed
responsible of the asv official of the
hsv you know what you do
You just have to write a mail and me
even work for free trainer
then it works I do not want to say that
I was the best coach of the world tors
champions are still feasible
somehow with heike people that's it
every case now at this video many
Thanks for watching and but I say
if you like it since forgotten
Of course not the video with one
thumb up so rate and then
see you soon again